Add Compression Dictionary Transport docs (#38722)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/content-encoding/index.md

  - : A format using the {{glossary("Brotli compression","Brotli")}} algorithm structure (defined in {{rfc(7932)}}).
- `zstd`
  - : A format using the {{glossary("Zstandard compression","Zstandard")}} algorithm structure (defined in {{rfc(8878)}}).
- `dcb`
  - : A {{glossary("Compression Dictionary Transport")}} format that uses the [Dictionary-Compressed Brotli format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary#name-dictionary-compressed-brotl)
- `dcz`

>   - : A {{glossary("Compression Dictionary Transport")}} format that uses the [Dictionary-Compressed Zstandard format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary#name-dictionary-compressed-zstan)

Author: Done. But changed the second "format" to algorithm.

>   - : A {{glossary("Compression Dictionary Transport")}} format that uses the [Dictionary-Compressed Zstandard format](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary#name-dictionary-compressed-zstan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dcb`
  - : A format that uses the [Dictionary-Compressed Brotli algorithm](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary#name-dictionary-compressed-brotl). See [Compression Dictionary Transport](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Compression_dictionary_transport).

- `dcz`
  - : A format that uses the [Dictionary-Compressed Zstandard algorithm](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-compression-dictionary#name-dictionary-compressed-zstan). See [Compression Dictionary Transport](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Compression_dictionary_transport).
```
